docs/partner-docs/index.md, before:

---
alias: index-partner-docs
title: 'Docs @Partners'
template: newintro.html
description: 'Arcana SDKs - Auth, Gasless feature on partner chains that are pre-configured in Arcana wallet. Check out Arcana documentation on partner chain docs sites.'
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ..
---

# Arcana Docs @Partners

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :fontawesome-solid-infinity:{ .lg .middle .icon-color} __MultiversX__

    ---   

    * [Arcana Auth on MultiversX](https://multiversx.com/ecosystem/project/arcana)

-   :material-file-document-check:{ .lg .middle .icon-color} __Linea__

    ---   

    * [Social Login with Arcana](https://docs.linea.build/developers/tooling/social-login/arcana)
    * [Account Abstraction with Arcana](https://docs.linea.build/developers/tooling/account-abstraction/arcana)

-   :material-file-document-check:{ .lg .middle .icon-color} __Caduceus__

    ---   

    * [Social Login with Arcana](https://docs.caduceus.foundation/auth)

-   :simple-alchemy:{ .lg .middle .icon-color} __Alchemy__

    ---

    * [Arcana Auth Signer](https://accountkit.alchemy.com/packages/aa-signers/arcana-auth/introduction.html)
    * [Arcana Auth Integration ](https://accountkit.alchemy.com/signers/guides/arcana-auth.html)

</div>

Commit message:

Fix: #AR-8941 totally removed all gasless and scw, session key,related info - major change in content, reorganized Auth SDK section as well

docs/partner-docs/index.md, after:

---
alias: index-partner-docs
title: 'Docs @Partners'
template: newintro.html
description: 'Arcana SDKs - Auth social login feature is available for partner chains pre-configured to use in Arcana wallet. Check out Arcana documentation on partner chain docs sites for details.'
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ..
---

# Arcana Docs @Partners

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :fontawesome-solid-infinity:{ .lg .middle .icon-color} __MultiversX__

    ---   

    * [Arcana Auth on MultiversX](https://multiversx.com/ecosystem/project/arcana)

-   :material-file-document-check:{ .lg .middle .icon-color} __Linea__

    ---   

    * [Social Login with Arcana](https://docs.linea.build/developers/tooling/social-login/arcana)
    * [Account Abstraction with Arcana](https://docs.linea.build/developers/tooling/account-abstraction/arcana)

-   :material-file-document-check:{ .lg .middle .icon-color} __Caduceus__

    ---   

    * [Social Login with Arcana](https://docs.caduceus.foundation/auth)

-   :simple-alchemy:{ .lg .middle .icon-color} __Alchemy__

    ---

    * [Arcana Auth Signer](https://accountkit.alchemy.com/packages/aa-signers/arcana-auth/introduction.html)
    * [Arcana Auth Integration ](https://accountkit.alchemy.com/signers/guides/arcana-auth.html)

</div>
