docs/relnotes/rn_main_auth_v1.0.4.md, before:

---
slug: /rn_main_auth_v1_0_4
id: idrnmainauthv104
sidebar_custom_props:
  cardIcon: 🏁
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ..
---

# Release Notes Arcana Auth (Mainnet)

{==

**Version: v1.0.4**

**Release Date: April 4th, 2023**

==}

## Feature Updates

### Billing & Invoices

Arcana Auth SDK now supports billing and invoice for Arcana Mainnet usage. See [Billing & Invoices]() for details. Also, checkout out the Arcana Dashboard Guide to learn how developers can access and update their account billing information, and check pending invoices and billing history.

### Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)

Arcana Auth SDK provides more robust user authentication through multi-factor authentication. Web3 app users can choose to enable MFA when logging in. Once enabled, it cannot be turned off. Developers can choose to make MFA optional for their apps or make it mandatory for user sign-in. See [Arcana MFA]() for details on how MFA works in apps that integrate with the Arcana Auth SDK.

For details, see how to enable MFA in web3 apps. App users can refer to the MFA user's guide to learn more about how to set up MFA.

## Enhancements

### Better Login Performance
TBD

## Bug Fixes

TBD

## Get Started

{==

*New to Auth SDK and ready to dive in?* 

==}

See [Auth SDK Quick Start Guide]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/walletsdk/wallet_qs.md). 

For step-by-step instructions, see [how to integrate with Auth SDK]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/howto/integrate_auth/index.md) guide. 

Check out the sample dApp integration example with the Arcana SDKs for [React]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/howto/integrate_auth/integrate_wallet_react.md),[Vue](https://github.com/arcana-network/basic-storage-wallet-integration) dApps.

---

## Migrate to v1.0.4

Are you using an older version of the Arcana Auth SDK? Refer to the [Migration Guides]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/migration/index.md) and upgrade to the latest version.

## Questions? 

Refer to [FAQ]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/faq/faq_gen.md), [Troubleshooting Guide]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/troubleshooting.md), and other developer resources or contact [Arcana Support]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/support.md).

Commit message:

Update MFA with enhanced wallet security content

docs/relnotes/rn_main_auth_v1.0.4.md, after:

---
slug: /rn_main_auth_v1_0_4
id: idrnmainauthv104
sidebar_custom_props:
  cardIcon: 🏁
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ..
---

# Release Notes Arcana Auth (Mainnet)

{==

**Version: v1.0.4**

**Release Date: April 4th, 2023**

==}

## Feature Updates

### Billing & Invoices

{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} now supports [billing and invoicing feature]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/billing.md) for Arcana Mainnet usage. Developers can use {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}} to enter billing information and payment methods and to see any pending invoices or past payment details.

### Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)

The latest {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} provides enhanced wallet security for more robust user authentication through multi-factor authentication. Web3 app users can choose to enable it when they log into an app. Once enabled, it cannot be turned off. For details, see [how Arcana MFA]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/mfa.md) works in apps that integrate with the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}.

App users can set up MFA individually for their app accounts and enable enhanced wallet security. See the [MFA user's guide]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/user_guides/mfa/mfa_ug.md) for details.

## Enhancements

### Better Login Performance

Users can now log in to Web3 apps even quicker than before with the latest speed boost in the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}. 

## Bug Fixes

TBD

## Get Started

{==

*New to Auth SDK and ready to dive in?* 

==}

See [Auth SDK Quick Start Guide]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/walletsdk/wallet_qs.md). 

For step-by-step instructions, see [how to integrate with Auth SDK]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/howto/integrate_auth/index.md) guide. 

Check out the sample dApp integration example with the Arcana SDKs for [React]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/howto/integrate_auth/integrate_wallet_react.md),[Vue](https://github.com/arcana-network/basic-storage-wallet-integration) dApps.

---

## Migrate to v1.0.4

Are you using an older version of the Arcana Auth SDK? Refer to the [Migration Guides]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/migration/index.md) and upgrade to the latest version.

## Questions? 

Refer to [FAQ]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/faq/faq_gen.md), [Troubleshooting Guide]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/troubleshooting.md), and other developer resources, or contact [Arcana]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/support.md) Support]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/support.md).
