docs/integrations/shardeum/wallet-config-shardeum.md, before:

---
alias: wallet-add-shardeum
title: 'Add Shardeum network using the Arcana wallet UI'
description: 'Web3 apps that are integrated with the Arcana Auth SDK can enable the app users to access Arcana wallet and add Shardeum network using the wallet UI interfaces, manually.'
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ../..
---

# {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI: Add Shardeum Network

This guide is meant for the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} users. It provides instructions on how to add the Shardeum Network to the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI for signing blockchain transactions via the Shardeum Network.

## Step 1:  Log in to the App

If a developer has not integrated the app with the Shardeum Network programmatically, the authenticated app users can use the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI and add the network manually. The first step is to log in to the app and authenticate the user.

## Step 2: Configure Wallet UI

Bring up the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI screen if it is minimized in the app's context. Refer to the instructions in the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} User Guide for [[arcana-wallet-user-guide#addselect-a-network|adding a network]]. Use the [latest Shardeum Network configuration details](https://docs.shardeum.org/network/endpoints) and provide them in the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}.

## See Also

* [[arcana-wallet-user-guide|{{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} Users' Guide]]

Commit message:

Fix: #AR-6117 wallet states and notification view terminology update

docs/integrations/shardeum/wallet-config-shardeum.md, after:

---
alias: wallet-add-shardeum
title: 'Add Shardeum network using the Arcana wallet UI'
description: 'Web3 apps that are integrated with the Arcana Auth SDK can enable the app users to access Arcana wallet and add Shardeum network using the wallet UI interfaces, manually.'
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ../..
---

# {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI: Add Shardeum Network

This guide is meant for the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} users. It provides instructions on how to add the Shardeum Network to the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI for signing blockchain transactions via the Shardeum Network.

## Step 1:  Log in to the App

If a developer has not integrated the app with the Shardeum Network programmatically, the authenticated app users can use the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI and add the network manually. The first step is to log in to the app and authenticate the user.

## Step 2: Configure Wallet UI

Log into the app. After the user logs in successfully, the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} is displayed in the minimized state. Click on it to display the wallet in its maximized state within the app's context. To add the Shardeum network to the wallet, refer to the instructions in the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} User Guide for [[arcana-wallet-user-guide#addselect-a-network|adding a network]]. Specify the [latest Shardeum Network configuration details](https://docs.shardeum.org/network/endpoints) to update the list of networks displayed in the wallet UI.

## See Also

* [[arcana-wallet-user-guide|{{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} Users' Guide]]
