docs/howto/onboard-users/build-social/index.md, before:

---
alias: index-build-social-providers
title: 'Build Custom Login UI'
description: 'List of Authentication Provider options that are supported by Arcana Auth and how to build user authentication for onboarding Web3 app users in apps integrated with the Arcana SDK.'
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ../../..
---

# Build Custom Login UI

Instead of using the plug-and-play Auth UI feature to onboard users, Web3 app developers can choose to build custom UI that is wired to the user onboarding function offered by the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} for various supported authentication providers.

## Social Providers

[[discord-social-auth|Discord :fontawesome-brands-discord:]]{ .md-button }

[[github-social-auth|GitHub :fontawesome-brands-github:]]{ .md-button }

[[google-social-auth|Google :fontawesome-brands-google:]]{ .md-button }

[[twitch-social-auth|Twitch :fontawesome-brands-twitch:]]{ .md-button }

[[twitter-social-auth|Twitter :fontawesome-brands-twitter:]]{ .md-button }

## Custom IAM Providers

[[build-iam-cognito-auth|AWS Cognito :fontawesome-brands-aws:]]{ .md-button }

Commit message:

Fix: #AR-6227 Steam is a social provider not custom IAM

docs/howto/onboard-users/build-social/index.md, after:

---
alias: index-build-social-providers
title: 'Apps using Social Providers'
description: 'List of Authentication Provider options that are supported by Arcana Auth and how to build user authentication for onboarding Web3 app users in apps integrated with the Arcana SDK.'
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ../../..
---

# Apps using Social Providers

Instead of using the plug-and-play Auth UI feature to onboard users, Web3 app developers can choose to build custom UI that is wired to the user onboarding function offered by the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} for various supported social authentication providers.

## Social Providers

[[discord-social-auth|Discord :fontawesome-brands-discord:]]{ .md-button }

[[github-social-auth|GitHub :fontawesome-brands-github:]]{ .md-button }

[[google-social-auth|Google :fontawesome-brands-google:]]{ .md-button }

[[build-iam-steam-auth|Steam :material-steam:]]{ .md-button }

[[twitch-social-auth|Twitch :fontawesome-brands-twitch:]]{ .md-button }

[[twitter-social-auth|Twitter :fontawesome-brands-twitter:]]{ .md-button }
