docs/db/config_dApp_with_db.md, before:

---
slug: /config_dashboard
id: idconfigdashboard
sidebar_custom_props:
  cardIcon: ⚒️
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ..
---

# Using Arcana Dashboard

Are you ready to set up user onboarding and blockchain signing experience for your application users? 

The first step is to register your application on the [Arcana Developer Dashboard]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/dashboard.md), the go-to console for application developers. 

You can customize Arcana Auth SDK settings and enable application users to utilize Arcana Testnet or Mainnet. Once you have completed the registration and configuration process, you need to install the Auth SDK and [integrate it]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/howto/integrate_auth/index.md) with your application. 

This guide will walk you through the various configuration options available on the dashboard to tailor your Auth SDK usage.  For instructions on how to install Auth SDK and integrate your application, refer to the [Quick Start Guide]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/walletsdk/wallet_qs.md).

!!! note

      After configuration, each newly created application is assigned a unique **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}**. This is **required** to integrate the Auth SDK with your application.

## Prerequisites

{% include "./text-snippets/db_prerequisites.md" %}

## Using Arcana Developer Dashboard

### Login

{% include "./text-snippets/db_login.md" %}

### Register Application

{% include "./text-snippets/db_register_dapp.md" %}

### Configure Application

{% include "./text-snippets/db_settings.md" %}

!!! caution "Arcana Wallet"

        {% include "./text-snippets/warn_config_wallet_ui.md" %}

!!! note "{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}"

      The {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} assigned to your application can be found on the top right of the dashboard. ![Dashboard Client Identifier](/img/an_db_app_address.png)

### Manage Configurations

Every application that is registered using the Arcana Developer Dashboard is represented by a single card displayed in the 'Manage Apps' dashboard screen, next to the 'Create New App' wizard. Click on the application card to view the application dashboard. By default, the application dashboard shows application usage details for the 'Testnet' configuration profile and some links to the Arcana Auth documentation. 

To view configuration details for an application, use the LHS navigation menu and click *Configure* to view/edit the application configuration settings as described in an earlier section of this guide.

Each application can only be associated with two configuration profiles, 'Testnet' and 'Mainnet'. Both these configurations are maintained separately and each is associated with a unique **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}**. 

![New App config card](/img/an_db_new_app_card.png)

#### Testnet

By default, all newly registered applications are enabled for using the Arcana 'Testnet'. Developers can view or edit the default configuration settings by clicking 'Testnet' on the application card displayed in the 'Manage Apps' dashboard. This will bring up the application dashboard screen with various navigation options in the LHS pane.

After validation on the 'Testnet', the application can be configured to use the Arcana 'Mainnet'. To do this, developers must create a corresponding 'Mainnet' configuration profile. 

#### Mainnet

To use Arcana Mainnet, the developers must first create a 'Mainnet' configuration profile using the developer dashboard. 

A newly registered application does not have any 'Mainnet' profile associated with it, it has to be explicitly created by the developer. The application card displayed in the 'Manage Apps' screen will show the 'Mainnet' configuration as disabled for all newly registered apps. To create a 'Mainnet' configuration profile, the developer must use the application dashboard screen displaying the Testnet profile, use the LHS navigation pane and select the **Social Auth** settings. 

In the social authentication settings screen, refer to the dropdown on the top right next to 'Testnet'. Use this dropdown to select and switch to the 'Mainnet' configuration.

![Testnet Mainnet Selection](/img/an_db_testnet_mainnet_select.png)

When 'Mainnet' is selected from the dropdown, a new 'Mainnet' profile creation wizard gets activated and displays a pop-up screen asking the developer to choose one of the options to create the 'Mainnet' configuration. You can either copy the exact 'Testnet' configuration or create a new blank configuration for 'Mainnet' settings. 

![Switch to Mainnet Profile](/img/an_db_new_mainnet_config_creation.png)

!!! caution "Copying Testnet Profile"

      If the developer chooses to create the 'Mainnet' profile by copying the 'Testnet' profile, there is an additional setup required to enable the configured social providers. Once the 'Mainnet' profile is created, visit the dashboard and copy the `Redirect URI' displayed for the 'Mainnet' profile. You need to update this `Redirect URI` value using the respective social provider's developer console, similar to the one added that you added earlier in the case of the 'Testnet' profile.

      For example, if Google is enabled in your app's 'Testnet' profile, then during the configuration of the social provider using the Google Developer console, the Testnet redirect URI was added.  Copy the 'Mainnet' profile redirect URI value from the Arcana dashboard and use Google Console to re-configure the Google OAuth settings. 

      Make sure that you add the 'Mainnet' redirect URI value for other social providers that are enabled for the 'Testnet' profile. This is required for enabling your app on 'Mainnet'. The figure below shows how the 'redirect URI' is updated for Mainnet for social providers Google and Twitch.

      ![Update redirect URI](/img/an_db_add_mainnte_redirect_uri.png)

After the selection is made and the developer confirms, the 'Mainnet' profile is created and automatically registered with the Arcana Network. 

!!! note "Mainnet {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}"

      The newly created 'Mainnet' configuration profile is associated with a brand new unique **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}**. Developers must specify this new {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} while integrating the application with the Auth SDK and deploy it on Arcana 'Mainnet'.

'Mainnet' configuration requires an additional setting which is not available for the 'Testnet' configuration profile. This additional setting, **Keyspace**, is used to allow Web3 application users to share the same wallet address across multiple applications that are deployed on the Arcana Mainnet. Refer to the next section on configuring keyspace.

#### Configure Mainnet Keyspace 

To deploy an application on the Arcana Mainnet, developers need to create a 'Mainnet' profile and configure the keyspace option. You can choose to copy the 'Testnet' profile as the 'Mainnet' configuration or create a new one. In both cases, you need to specify an additional keyspace option. Note that the keyspace feature is only available for the Arcana Mainnet. There are two keyspace options: [App-specific and Global Keys]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/sharedkeys.md).

You can either use the default, highly secure **App-specific** keyspace option or **Global** keyspace depending upon the desired level of security and user experience required for the application. 

![Mainnet Keyspace options](/img/an_db_keyspace_options.png)

Use global keyspace if you want to enable the kind of Web3 user experience whereby the same wallet address is assigned to the user across different Arcana application logins. It is less secure than the default **App-specific** keyspace option whereby a user will see different wallet addresses across the different applications.

Select **Global Keyspace** and click **Verify**. This will bring up a verification form. Fill out the verification form, and click **Submit**. 

<img alt="Global Keyspace Verify" src="/img/an_db_global_keysp_verify.png" width="40%" />

You can check the status of **Global Keyspace** verification by using the **Keyspace** screen. After submitting the form, you will see the status as **In Review**.

![Mainnet Global keyspace in review](/img/an_db_global_keysp_inreview.png)

The status will change to **Approved** once verification is complete. You can integrate your application with the Auth SDK but do not deploy it until the verification is complete. Otherwise, users that log in before verification is complete may see different wallet addresses after the process is complete.

![Mainnet Global keyspace approved](/img/an_db_global_keysp_approved.png)

Now your application is configured to use the Arcana Mainnet. You can further edit configuration settings for Mainnet by using the LHS navigation pane and selecting **Configure**.  

![Mainnet Profile entry](/img/an_db_mainnet_profile.png)

#### Switch Profiles

There are multiple ways to switch an application from using Testnet to Mainnet. 

* To switch from Testnet to the Mainnet profile, use the application dashboard screen, and select **Configuration >> Social Auth** in the LHS navigation pane. Refer to the dropdown next to 'Testnet' on the top RHS of the screen and choose 'Mainnet'. If there is a preexisting 'Mainnet profile, the app is automatically switched to it. You can view the social authentication settings and the assigned **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}** for the 'Mainnet' profile. If there is no 'Mainnet' profile associated with the app, then on selecting 'Mainnet' from the dropdown, the app wizard gets activated and assists in creating a 'Mainnet' configuration profile for the application. Once the profile is created, a new **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}** is automatically assigned and the configuration switches to 'Mainnet'.

    ![Select Testnet or Mainnet](/img/an_db_testnet_mainnet_select.png)  

* If a 'Mainnet' configuration profile is already created for an application, you can also switch between Testnet/Mainnet configuration profiles by using the 'Manage Apps' dashboard screen. Simply select the application card and click on 'Testnet' or 'Mainnet'. This will bring up the application dashboard screen displaying the application dashboard for the selected configuration profile. 

    ![Switch to Testnet](/img/an_db_all_app_card.png)

!!! caution

      Depending upon whether the 'Testnet' **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}** value or the 'Mainnet' **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}** value is used to integrate an application with the Auth SDK, the deployment of the app happens on the respective Arcana Network. "Testnet" usage is not billed but if an application chooses 'Mainnet' while integrating with the Auth SDK, it will be billed in the forthcoming releases.

#### Switch Applications

Developers can switch from one application configuration profile screen to another application by using the 'Manage Apps' screen and clicking on the requisite application card. 

Alternatively, you can use the LHS navigation pane in the configuration screen and click on the dropdown next to the application name in the top left. The dropdown displays a list of all the applications registered by the developer and a link to navigate to the *Manage Apps* dashboard screen. Select a different application from the drop-down list and you will be switched to a different application dashboard screen. 

![Switch Application](/img/an_db_switch_application.png)

### Monitor Usage

Developers can monitor their registered application usage statistics via the Arcana Developer Dashboard. The *Manage Apps* screen displays the account-level usage metrics. Application-specific usage details are available on the application dashboard screen. 

#### Account Usage Metrics

The *Manage Apps* screen displays Monthly Active Users (MAU) for the developer account. This is an aggregate score across all the applications that are registered for a dev account and configured to use the Arcana Mainnet. Any application using the 'Testnet' are not billed and not included in this overall account usage statistic.

![Dashboard metrics](/img/an_db_metrics.png)

!!! caution

      The billing data is only applicable for Mainnet usage and will be made available in the forthcoming releases.

#### Usage per Application

Arcana Network maintains per-application usage statistics separately for both the 'Testnet' and 'Mainnet' configuration profiles. 

In the *Manage Apps* dashboard screen, all registered applications are listed as cards. Each application card displays the 'Total Users' statistic. This refers to the total monthly active application users that are utilizing the Arcana Testnet/Mainnet. To view per application usage details, you need to select 'Testnet' or 'Mainnet' profile and look at the Application dashboard screen that displays the following usage statistics: 

* Number of logged-in users 

Use the 'Daily' and 'Monthly' tabs to see the respective usage statistics. 

![Application Usage Stats Testnet](/img/an_db_app_usage_metrics_testnet.png)

You can use the dropdown in the top right of the application dashboard screen to select Testnet/Mainnet usage details.

![Application Usage Stats Mainnet](/img/an_db_app_usage_metrics_mainnet.png)

### Billing

Arcana Network tracks app usage for every developer account in terms of MAU. Developers must set up the billing details once their free usage tier is consumed. Otherwise, the registered apps will be suspended.

#### Set up Billing Details

Click on the user icon on the top right of the dashboard screen. Select **Accounts** in the dropdown. 

<!--- TBD - Screenshot with indicator showing how to bring up accounts page --->

Provide the billing details and payment methods and click **Save**.

![Billing methods and details](/img/an_db_billing_method_details.png)

#### View Billing History

Refer to the 'Billing Details' screen. The 'Estimated Charges' section on the bottom displays a link to view the billing history and download invoices.

![Billing history](/img/an_db_billing_history.png)

#### Pay Bills

To pay the Arcana Network dues, developers can refer to the 'Estimated Charges' section on the bottom right of the 'Billing Details' screen. Click **Continue** to view invoice details and pay the bill.

![Pay Dues](/img/an_db_billing_dues.png)

### Delete Application

To de-register an application the developers must delete the entry using the dashboard. Go to the 'Manage Apps' dashboard page which lists all the registered applications.  

![Manage Apps Dashboard](/img/an_db_manage_apps.png)

Select the application you wish to de-register and choose **Delete**.

![Delete App](/img/an_db_delete_app.png)

## Dashboard FAQ

New users can get help with Auth SDK configuration and dashboard usage by consulting the [Arcana Dashboard FAQ]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/faq/faq_db.md) or contacting {% include "./text-snippets/support_email_link.md" %}.

Commit message:

Fix: #AR-5710 billing and invoice implementation updates

docs/db/config_dApp_with_db.md, after:

---
slug: /config_dashboard
id: idconfigdashboard
sidebar_custom_props:
  cardIcon: ⚒️
arcana:
  root_rel_path: ..
---

# Using Arcana Dashboard

Are you ready to set up user onboarding and blockchain signing experience for your application users? 

The first step is to register your application on the [Arcana Developer Dashboard]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/dashboard.md), the go-to console for application developers. 

You can customize Arcana Auth SDK settings and enable application users to utilize Arcana Testnet or Mainnet. Once you have completed the registration and configuration process, you need to install the Auth SDK and [integrate it]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/howto/integrate_auth/index.md) with your application. 

This guide will walk you through the various configuration options available on the dashboard to tailor your Auth SDK usage.  For instructions on how to install Auth SDK and integrate your application, refer to the [Quick Start Guide]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/walletsdk/wallet_qs.md).

!!! note

      After configuration, each newly created application is assigned a unique **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}**. This is **required** to integrate the Auth SDK with your application.

## Prerequisites

{% include "./text-snippets/db_prerequisites.md" %}

## Using Arcana Developer Dashboard

### Login

{% include "./text-snippets/db_login.md" %}

### Register Application

{% include "./text-snippets/db_register_dapp.md" %}

### Configure Application

{% include "./text-snippets/db_settings.md" %}

!!! caution "Arcana Wallet"

        {% include "./text-snippets/warn_config_wallet_ui.md" %}

!!! note "{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}"

      The {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} assigned to your application can be found on the top right of the dashboard. ![Dashboard Client Identifier](/img/an_db_app_address.png)

### Manage Configurations

Every application that is registered using the Arcana Developer Dashboard is represented by a single card displayed in the 'Manage Apps' dashboard screen, next to the 'Create New App' wizard. Click on the application card to view the application dashboard. By default, the application dashboard shows application usage details for the 'Testnet' configuration profile and some links to the Arcana Auth documentation. 

To view configuration details for an application, use the LHS navigation menu and click *Configure* to view/edit the application configuration settings as described in an earlier section of this guide.

Each application can only be associated with two configuration profiles, 'Testnet' and 'Mainnet'. Both these configurations are maintained separately and each is associated with a unique **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}**. 

![New App config card](/img/an_db_new_app_card.png)

#### Testnet

By default, all newly registered applications are enabled for using the Arcana 'Testnet'. Developers can view or edit the default configuration settings by clicking 'Testnet' on the application card displayed in the 'Manage Apps' dashboard. This will bring up the application dashboard screen with various navigation options in the LHS pane.

After validation on the 'Testnet', the application can be configured to use the Arcana 'Mainnet'. To do this, developers must create a corresponding 'Mainnet' configuration profile. 

#### Mainnet

To use Arcana Mainnet, the developers must first create a 'Mainnet' configuration profile using the developer dashboard. 

A newly registered application does not have any 'Mainnet' profile associated with it, it has to be explicitly created by the developer. The application card displayed in the 'Manage Apps' screen will show the 'Mainnet' configuration as disabled for all newly registered apps. To create a 'Mainnet' configuration profile, the developer must use the application dashboard screen displaying the Testnet profile, use the LHS navigation pane and select the **Social Auth** settings. 

In the social authentication settings screen, refer to the dropdown on the top right next to 'Testnet'. Use this dropdown to select and switch to the 'Mainnet' configuration.

![Testnet Mainnet Selection](/img/an_db_testnet_mainnet_select.png)

When 'Mainnet' is selected from the dropdown, a new 'Mainnet' profile creation wizard gets activated and displays a pop-up screen asking the developer to choose one of the options to create the 'Mainnet' configuration. You can either copy the exact 'Testnet' configuration or create a new blank configuration for 'Mainnet' settings. 

![Switch to Mainnet Profile](/img/an_db_new_mainnet_config_creation.png)

!!! caution "Copying Testnet Profile"

      If the developer chooses to create the 'Mainnet' profile by copying the 'Testnet' profile, there is an additional setup required to enable the configured social providers. Once the 'Mainnet' profile is created, visit the dashboard and copy the `Redirect URI' displayed for the 'Mainnet' profile. You need to update this `Redirect URI` value using the respective social provider's developer console, similar to the one added that you added earlier in the case of the 'Testnet' profile.

      For example, if Google is enabled in your app's 'Testnet' profile, then during the configuration of the social provider using the Google Developer console, the Testnet redirect URI was added.  Copy the 'Mainnet' profile redirect URI value from the Arcana dashboard and use Google Console to re-configure the Google OAuth settings. 

      Make sure that you add the 'Mainnet' redirect URI value for other social providers that are enabled for the 'Testnet' profile. This is required for enabling your app on 'Mainnet'. The figure below shows how the 'redirect URI' is updated for Mainnet for social providers Google and Twitch.

      ![Update redirect URI](/img/an_db_add_mainnte_redirect_uri.png)

After the selection is made and the developer confirms, the 'Mainnet' profile is created and automatically registered with the Arcana Network. 

!!! note "Mainnet {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}"

      The newly created 'Mainnet' configuration profile is associated with a brand new unique **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}**. Developers must specify this new {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} while integrating the application with the Auth SDK and deploy it on Arcana 'Mainnet'.

'Mainnet' configuration requires an additional setting which is not available for the 'Testnet' configuration profile. This additional setting, **Keyspace**, is used to allow Web3 application users to share the same wallet address across multiple applications that are deployed on the Arcana Mainnet. Refer to the next section on configuring keyspace.

#### Configure Mainnet Keyspace 

To deploy an application on the Arcana Mainnet, developers need to create a 'Mainnet' profile and configure the keyspace option. You can choose to copy the 'Testnet' profile as the 'Mainnet' configuration or create a new one. In both cases, you need to specify an additional keyspace option. Note that the keyspace feature is only available for the Arcana Mainnet. There are two keyspace options: [App-specific and Global Keys]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/sharedkeys.md).

You can either use the default, highly secure **App-specific** keyspace option or **Global** keyspace depending upon the desired level of security and user experience required for the application. 

![Mainnet Keyspace options](/img/an_db_keyspace_options.png)

Use global keyspace if you want to enable the kind of Web3 user experience whereby the same wallet address is assigned to the user across different Arcana application logins. It is less secure than the default **App-specific** keyspace option whereby a user will see different wallet addresses across the different applications.

Select **Global Keyspace** and click **Verify**. This will bring up a verification form. Fill out the verification form, and click **Submit**. 

<img alt="Global Keyspace Verify" src="/img/an_db_global_keysp_verify.png" width="40%" />

You can check the status of **Global Keyspace** verification by using the **Keyspace** screen. After submitting the form, you will see the status as **In Review**.

![Mainnet Global keyspace in review](/img/an_db_global_keysp_inreview.png)

The status will change to **Approved** once verification is complete. You can integrate your application with the Auth SDK but do not deploy it until the verification is complete. Otherwise, users that log in before verification is complete may see different wallet addresses after the process is complete.

![Mainnet Global keyspace approved](/img/an_db_global_keysp_approved.png)

Now your application is configured to use the Arcana Mainnet. You can further edit configuration settings for Mainnet by using the LHS navigation pane and selecting **Configure**.  

![Mainnet Profile entry](/img/an_db_mainnet_profile.png)

#### Switch Profiles

There are multiple ways to switch an application from using Testnet to Mainnet. 

* To switch from Testnet to the Mainnet profile, use the application dashboard screen, and select **Configuration >> Social Auth** in the LHS navigation pane. Refer to the dropdown next to 'Testnet' on the top RHS of the screen and choose 'Mainnet'. If there is a preexisting 'Mainnet profile, the app is automatically switched to it. You can view the social authentication settings and the assigned **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}** for the 'Mainnet' profile. If there is no 'Mainnet' profile associated with the app, then on selecting 'Mainnet' from the dropdown, the app wizard gets activated and assists in creating a 'Mainnet' configuration profile for the application. Once the profile is created, a new **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}** is automatically assigned and the configuration switches to 'Mainnet'.

    ![Select Testnet or Mainnet](/img/an_db_testnet_mainnet_select.png)  

* If a 'Mainnet' configuration profile is already created for an application, you can also switch between Testnet/Mainnet configuration profiles by using the 'Manage Apps' dashboard screen. Simply select the application card and click on 'Testnet' or 'Mainnet'. This will bring up the application dashboard screen displaying the application dashboard for the selected configuration profile. 

    ![Switch to Testnet](/img/an_db_all_app_card.png)

!!! caution

      Depending upon whether the 'Testnet' **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}** value or the 'Mainnet' **{{config.extra.arcana.app_address}}** value is used to integrate an application with the Auth SDK, the deployment of the app happens on the respective Arcana Network. "Testnet" usage is not billed but if an application chooses 'Mainnet' while integrating with the Auth SDK, it will be billed in the forthcoming releases.

#### Switch Applications

Developers can switch from one application configuration profile screen to another application by using the 'Manage Apps' screen and clicking on the requisite application card. 

Alternatively, you can use the LHS navigation pane in the configuration screen and click on the dropdown next to the application name in the top left. The dropdown displays a list of all the applications registered by the developer and a link to navigate to the *Manage Apps* dashboard screen. Select a different application from the drop-down list and you will be switched to a different application dashboard screen. 

![Switch Application](/img/an_db_switch_application.png)

### Monitor Usage

Developers can monitor their registered application usage statistics via the Arcana Developer Dashboard. The *Manage Apps* screen displays the account-level usage metrics. Application-specific usage details are available on the application dashboard screen. 

#### Account Usage Metrics

The *Manage Apps* screen displays Monthly Active Users (MAU) for the developer account. This is an aggregate score across all the applications that are registered for a dev account and configured to use the Arcana Mainnet. Any application using the 'Testnet' are not billed and not included in this overall account usage statistic.

![Dashboard metrics](/img/an_db_metrics.png)

!!! caution

      The billing data is only applicable for Mainnet usage and will be made available in the forthcoming releases.

#### Usage per Application

Arcana Network maintains per-application usage statistics separately for both the 'Testnet' and 'Mainnet' configuration profiles. 

In the *Manage Apps* dashboard screen, all registered applications are listed as cards. Each application card displays the 'Total Users' statistic. This refers to the total monthly active application users that are utilizing the Arcana Testnet/Mainnet. To view per application usage details, you need to select 'Testnet' or 'Mainnet' profile and look at the Application dashboard screen that displays the following usage statistics: 

* Number of logged-in users 

Use the 'Daily' and 'Monthly' tabs to see the respective usage statistics. 

![Application Usage Stats Testnet](/img/an_db_app_usage_metrics_testnet.png)

You can use the dropdown in the top right of the application dashboard screen to select Testnet/Mainnet usage details.

![Application Usage Stats Mainnet](/img/an_db_app_usage_metrics_mainnet.png)

### Billing

Arcana Network tracks app usage for every developer account in terms of MAU. Invoices are generated at the end of each month and the chargeable amount is auto-deducted using the payment method configured by the developer in their profile section.

To use Arcana Network Auth SDK, developers are not required to enter any payment details until their free usage tier expires. Once the free tier is consumed, developers must set up the billing details in their profile section on the Arcana Developer Dashboard. Otherwise, the registered apps will be suspended and users will not be allowed to log in to any app that is registered using the developer's Arcana account.

#### Set up Payment Method

Click on the user icon on the top right of the dashboard screen. Select **Profile** in the dropdown. 

![Application Usage Stats Mainnet](/img/an_db_billing_nav.png)

You will see developer's Arcana account profile details. Refer to the **Payment Method** section and provide the card details.

![Application Usage Stats Mainnet](/img/an_db_billing_profile.png)

After updating the payment methods, click **Save**. The amount payable will be auto-deducted using the specified payment method once the invoice is generated at the end of every month. If the payment fails, Arcana will retry it until the grace period (30 days) expires. After the grace period ends and payment is not successful, the developer account will be suspended and no users will be able to log into the registered apps.

#### View Invoice

Click on the user icon on the top right of the dashboard screen. Select **Invoices** in the dropdown. 

![Application Usage Stats Mainnet](/img/an_db_invoices_nav.png)

In the **Invoices** page, you will see the details of the current pending dues followed by the billing history of previous invoices that can be downloaded for reference.

![Application Usage Stats Mainnet](/img/an_db_invoices_details.png)

<!---

![Billing methods and details](/img/an_db_billing_method_details.png)

#### View Billing History

Refer to the 'Billing Details' screen. The 'Estimated Charges' section on the bottom displays a link to view the billing history and download invoices.

![Billing history](/img/an_db_billing_history.png)

#### Pay Bills

To pay the Arcana Network dues, developers can refer to the 'Estimated Charges' section on the bottom right of the 'Billing Details' screen. Click **Continue** to view invoice details and pay the bill.

![Pay Dues](/img/an_db_billing_dues.png)

-->

### Delete Application

To de-register an application the developers must delete the entry using the dashboard. Go to the 'Manage Apps' dashboard page which lists all the registered applications.  

![Manage Apps Dashboard](/img/an_db_manage_apps.png)

Select the application you wish to de-register and choose **Delete**.

![Delete App](/img/an_db_delete_app.png)

## Dashboard FAQ

New users can get help with Auth SDK configuration and dashboard usage by consulting the [Arcana Dashboard FAQ]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/faq/faq_db.md) or contacting {% include "./text-snippets/support_email_link.md" %}.
