docs/arcana-coming-soon.md, before:

---
alias: arcana-coming-soon
title: 'Coming Soon!'
description: 'New features and capabilities are being added in the Arcana Auth solution every day! List of upcoming product features for Web3 app developers.'
arcana:
  root_rel_path: .
---

# Coming Soon!

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-    :fontawesome-solid-gamepad:{.lg .middle } **Gaming** 

     ---
   
     *Increase user conversion in Web3 gaming apps with the Arcana Auth Gaming SDK!*

     
     Soon Web3 gaming apps can onboard users effortlessly through social, custom IAM providers, or passwordless login. Authenticated users can instantly access a fully functional, embedded, non-custodial Web3 wallet within the app context.

-    :material-button-pointer:{.lg .middle } **MFA Enhancements** 

     ---
  
     *Boost security with customizable multi-factor authentication!*

     
     Developers can soon enable/disable MFA for enhanced security. App users can choose to set up MFA through Q/A and PIN. These are used to restore access on a new device when a user switches devices.
     
-    :simple-hive_blockchain:{.lg .middle } **Radix** 

     ---
  
     *Support for newer blockchain networks!* 
     
     
     The Radix Public Network is a Layer-1 Decentralized-Finance (DeFi) platform.

     Apps using [Radix](https://www.radixdlt.com//) will soon be able to enable social login by integrating with the  {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} and allow authenticated users to sign blockchain transactions using the embedded, non-custodial {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}.

</div>

Commit message:

Replace Radix with wallet off ramp, fix typos

docs/arcana-coming-soon.md, after:

---
alias: arcana-coming-soon
title: 'Coming Soon!'
description: 'New features and capabilities are being added in the Arcana Auth solution every day! List of upcoming product features for Web3 app developers.'
arcana:
  root_rel_path: .
---

# Coming Soon!

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-    :fontawesome-solid-gamepad:{.lg .middle } **Gaming** 

     ---
   
     *Increase user conversion in Web3 gaming apps with the Arcana Auth Gaming SDK!*

     
     Soon Web3 gaming apps can onboard users effortlessly through social, custom IAM providers, or passwordless login. Authenticated users can instantly access a fully functional, embedded, non-custodial Web3 wallet within the app context.

-    :material-button-pointer:{.lg .middle } **MFA Enhancements** 

     ---
  
     *Boost security with customizable multi-factor authentication!*

     
     Developers can soon enable/disable MFA for enhanced security. App users can choose to set up MFA through Q/A and PIN. These are used to restore access on a new device when a user switches devices.
     
<!---
-    :simple-hive_blockchain:{.lg .middle } **Radix** 

     ---
  
     *Support for newer blockchain networks!* 
     
     
     The Radix Public Network is a Layer-1 Decentralized-Finance (DeFi) platform.

     Apps using [Radix](https://www.radixdlt.com//) will soon be able to enable social login by integrating with the  {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} and allow authenticated users to sign blockchain transactions using the embedded, non-custodial {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}.

-->

-    :simple-hive_blockchain:{.lg .middle } **Wallet Off-Ramp** 

     ---
  
     *Support for off-ramping crypto!* 
     
     
     The {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} users can already use the [[arcana-wallet-user-guide#fiat-on-ramp|on-ramp feature]] and load the wallet using fiat and supported cryptocurrencies. Soon, users will have the off-ramp feature that allows them to exchange cryptocurrencies for fiat.

</div>
