includes/text-snippets/flutter-get-start.md, before:

{{page.meta.arcana.app_type}} Web3 apps can easily onboard users via social login by integrating with the {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}}!

<!---
## Overview

These are the high-level steps to get started with the {{config.extra.arcana.product_name}} product:

1. Register your app using the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}} and get a unique {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} assigned to it. This {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} will be required later during app integration. Configure [social OAuth providers]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/authtype/arcanaauth.md#supported-authentication-mechanisms) for [[concept-index-auth-type|authenticating users]], select the built-in {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI or build a custom wallet UI.
2. Install and integrate the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}. Create a new `AuthProvider` using {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} and choose either the built-in login UI or custom login UI for onboarding users.
3. Implement programmatic access to [[index-arcana-wallet|{{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} operations]] in your app as per the business logic. Authenticated users can instantly access the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI or a custom wallet UI as configured by the developer during app registration.
4. Deploy your app on the Testnet for validation. Next, migrate app deployment from Testnet to the Mainnet by replicating the Testnet configuration profile or choosing a different configuration for the Mainnet deployment.

<img class="an-screenshots" src="/img/an_auth_usage_overview_light.png#only-light" alt="uth Usage Overview"/>
<img class="an-screenshots" src="/img/an_auth_usage_overview_dark.png#only-dark" alt="Auth Usage Overview"/>

-->

## Prerequisites

* Flutter [v3.15.0](https://flutter-ko.dev/development/tools/sdk/releases) or higher

## 1. Register & Configure

{% include "./text-snippets/quick-start-reg-config-auth.md" %}

## 2. Install SDK

The {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}} is available at 'Pub.dev' as a [Flutter plugin](https://docs.flutter.dev/packages-and-plugins/developing-packages) package called [`{{config.extra.arcana.mobile_flutter_sdk_pkg_name}}`](https://pub.dev/packages/arcana_auth_flutter). 

Add the following line to the dependencies section in your app's `pubspec.yaml` file:

{% include "./code-snippets/auth_flutter_install.md" %}

!!! note "Use latest {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}}"
  
      {% include "./text-snippets/warn_latest_flutter_sdk_version.md" %}

## 3. Integrate

Once installed, integrate the app with the {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}}. Create an `AuthProvider` instance and specify the unique **client ID** assigned to the registered app.

```javascript
import 'package:arcana_sdk/arcana_sdk.dart';

final auth = AuthProvider(clientId:"xar_xxxx_...");
auth.init(context: context);
```

Next, add code to onboard users and allow authenticated users to sign blockchain transactions using {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}.

### Onboard Users

Add code to onboard users through one of the configured social OAuth provider or OTP. 

!!! tip "Arcana JWT Token"

      {% include "./text-snippets/jwt_token.md" %}

=== "Login"

      **Social Login**

      ```js
      auth.loginWithSocial("google").then((_) => {
      // On login Success
      }).catchError(...);
      ```

      **OTP Login**

      ```js
      auth.loginWithOTP("${email_id}").then((_) => {
      // On login Success
      }).catchError(...);
      ```

      **Logout**

      Call the logout method in response to a user's choice to log out. The built-in {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI has a **Logout** option in the user profile tab.

      ```js
      auth.logout().then((_) => {
      // On logout
      });
      ```

=== "User Info"

      **Get User Address**

      ```js
      auth.getAccount().then((account) => ...);
      ```

      **Get User Details**

      ```js
      auth.getUserInfo().then((UserInfo info) => ...);
      ```

=== "Wallet Visibility"

      **Show/Hide Wallet UI**

      Developers can choose to show or hide the wallet as per the app requirements. 

      ```js
      auth.showWallet();
      ```

      ```js
      auth.hideWallet();
      ```

      **Check Wallet Visibility**

      To determine in the Flutter app if the Arcana wallet is visible in the app's context, get the visibility status:

      ```js
      var isVisible = auth.isVisible();
      ```

=== "Cache"

      **Clear Cache**

      Flutter apps can use `clearCache` to clear the Webview cache:

      ```js
      auth.clearCache();
      ```

### Sign Transactions

The `AuthProvider` supports the JSON-RPC requests for the following Web3 operations:

=== "EIP-1193 Request"

    ```js
    auth.request(method: "...", params: [...]).then(() => ...);
    ```

=== "SendTransaction"

    ```js
    auth.sendTransaction({ to: "", value: "" }).then((hash) => ...);
    ```

## 4. Deploy

{% include "./text-snippets/quick-start-deploy.md" %}

{==

The {{page.meta.arcana.app_type}} mobile Web3 app is now powered by the {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}} to onboard users via social login and allow authenticated users to sign blockchain transactions using the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}.

==}

## See also

{% include "./text-snippets/quick-start-see-also.md" %}

{% include "./text-snippets/flutter_sdk_quicklinks.md" %}

Commit message:

Replace social oauth providers -> social login providers

includes/text-snippets/flutter-get-start.md, after:

{{page.meta.arcana.app_type}} Web3 apps can easily onboard users via social login by integrating with the {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}}!

<!---
## Overview

These are the high-level steps to get started with the {{config.extra.arcana.product_name}} product:

1. Register your app using the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}} and get a unique {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} assigned to it. This {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} will be required later during app integration. Configure [social login providers]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/authtype/arcanaauth.md#supported-authentication-mechanisms) for [[concept-index-auth-type|authenticating users]], select the built-in {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI or build a custom wallet UI.
2. Install and integrate the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}. Create a new `AuthProvider` using {{config.extra.arcana.app_address}} and choose either the built-in login UI or custom login UI for onboarding users.
3. Implement programmatic access to [[index-arcana-wallet|{{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} operations]] in your app as per the business logic. Authenticated users can instantly access the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI or a custom wallet UI as configured by the developer during app registration.
4. Deploy your app on the Testnet for validation. Next, migrate app deployment from Testnet to the Mainnet by replicating the Testnet configuration profile or choosing a different configuration for the Mainnet deployment.

<img class="an-screenshots" src="/img/an_auth_usage_overview_light.png#only-light" alt="uth Usage Overview"/>
<img class="an-screenshots" src="/img/an_auth_usage_overview_dark.png#only-dark" alt="Auth Usage Overview"/>

-->

## Prerequisites

* Flutter [v3.15.0](https://flutter-ko.dev/development/tools/sdk/releases) or higher

## 1. Register & Configure

{% include "./text-snippets/quick-start-reg-config-auth.md" %}

## 2. Install SDK

The {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}} is available at 'Pub.dev' as a [Flutter plugin](https://docs.flutter.dev/packages-and-plugins/developing-packages) package called [`{{config.extra.arcana.mobile_flutter_sdk_pkg_name}}`](https://pub.dev/packages/arcana_auth_flutter). 

Add the following line to the dependencies section in your app's `pubspec.yaml` file:

{% include "./code-snippets/auth_flutter_install.md" %}

!!! note "Use latest {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}}"
  
      {% include "./text-snippets/warn_latest_flutter_sdk_version.md" %}

## 3. Integrate

Once installed, integrate the app with the {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}}. Create an `AuthProvider` instance and specify the unique **client ID** assigned to the registered app.

```javascript
import 'package:arcana_sdk/arcana_sdk.dart';

final auth = AuthProvider(clientId:"xar_xxxx_...");
auth.init(context: context);
```

Next, add code to onboard users and allow authenticated users to sign blockchain transactions using {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}.

### Onboard Users

Add code to onboard users through one of the configured social login providers or via OTP login option. 

!!! tip "Arcana JWT Token"

      {% include "./text-snippets/jwt_token.md" %}

=== "Login"

      **Social Login**

      ```js
      auth.loginWithSocial("google").then((_) => {
      // On login Success
      }).catchError(...);
      ```

      **OTP Login**

      ```js
      auth.loginWithOTP("${email_id}").then((_) => {
      // On login Success
      }).catchError(...);
      ```

      **Logout**

      Call the logout method in response to a user's choice to log out. The built-in {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}} UI has a **Logout** option in the user profile tab.

      ```js
      auth.logout().then((_) => {
      // On logout
      });
      ```

=== "User Info"

      **Get User Address**

      ```js
      auth.getAccount().then((account) => ...);
      ```

      **Get User Details**

      ```js
      auth.getUserInfo().then((UserInfo info) => ...);
      ```

=== "Wallet Visibility"

      **Show/Hide Wallet UI**

      Developers can choose to show or hide the wallet as per the app requirements. 

      ```js
      auth.showWallet();
      ```

      ```js
      auth.hideWallet();
      ```

      **Check Wallet Visibility**

      To determine in the Flutter app if the Arcana wallet is visible in the app's context, get the visibility status:

      ```js
      var isVisible = auth.isVisible();
      ```

=== "Cache"

      **Clear Cache**

      Flutter apps can use `clearCache` to clear the Webview cache:

      ```js
      auth.clearCache();
      ```

### Sign Transactions

The `AuthProvider` supports the JSON-RPC requests for the following Web3 operations:

=== "EIP-1193 Request"

    ```js
    auth.request(method: "...", params: [...]).then(() => ...);
    ```

=== "SendTransaction"

    ```js
    auth.sendTransaction({ to: "", value: "" }).then((hash) => ...);
    ```

## 4. Deploy

{% include "./text-snippets/quick-start-deploy.md" %}

{==

The {{page.meta.arcana.app_type}} mobile Web3 app is now powered by the {{config.extra.arcana.flutter_sdk_name}} to onboard users via social login and allow authenticated users to sign blockchain transactions using the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}.

==}

## See also

{% include "./text-snippets/quick-start-see-also.md" %}

{% include "./text-snippets/flutter_sdk_quicklinks.md" %}
