includes/text-snippets/use-plug-play-auth.md, before:

# Plug-and-Play Auth

In this guide, you will learn how {{page.meta.arcana.app_type}} Web3 apps can integrate with the [{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/authsdk.md) and use the [[concept-plug-and-play-auth|plug-and-play ]] feature to onboard users with the built-in login UI. 

## Prerequisites

* Make sure you can access the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}: {% include "./text-snippets/db_portal_url.md" %}

* Use the [{{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/dashboard.md) to [[index-configure-auth|register and configure the app]]. The plug-and-play pop-up UI screen will display only those authentication providers that are configured using the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}.  If no authentication providers are configured in the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}, then users can only onboard the app via the passwordless login option. See [[index-configure-auth|how to configure authentication providers]] for details.
  
* Follow the instructions as per the app type and [[index-integrate-app|integrate the app]] with the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} before accessing user onboarding functions of the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}. During integration, you can choose the [[concept-plug-and-play-auth#compact-plug-play-ui|compact mode (optional)]] for the plug-and-play login UI.

## Steps

*Using the plug-and-play authentication feature is simple!*

Just a single line of code!

### Step 1: Call User Onboarding Function: `connect`

After successfully integrating the app with the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}, make sure the `AuthProvider` is successfully initialized. Then simply add a single line of code, call to the `connect` function of the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} and enable the built-in plug-and-play login UI in the app when a user clicks a button to log in:

{% include "./code-snippets/auth_plugnplay.md" %}

The `connect()` function will bring up the plug-and-play pop-up modal in the app context and display the available options for user onboarding. Only those options are displayed that were earlier configured by the developer using the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}.

The figure below shows the plug-and-play pop-up authentication screen for a test app where the developer had registered and configured Google as the social provider for authentication. The passwordless login option is enabled by default.

![Plug-and-Play Login UI](/img/an_plug_n_play_auth.png){.an-screenshots-noeffects width="30%"}

That is all! :material-party-popper:

The plug-and-play user onboarding feature is successfully enabled in an app integrated with the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}.

!!! warning "No plug-and-play support for Firebase authentication."

      {% include "./text-snippets/warn_firebase_no_pnp.md" %}

## What's Next?

After enabling the plug-and-play user onboarding feature in the app, developers can use other {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} functions and enable Web3 wallet operations for authenticated users. See [[web-auth-usage-guide|{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} Usage Guide]], [[index-arcana-wallet|how to enable the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}]] for details.

## See also

* [[index-configure-auth|Configure authentication providers]]
* [[index-build-social-providers|Build custom login UI]]
* [[web-auth-error-msg|{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} Errors]]
* [[web-auth-usage-guide|{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} Usage Guide]]
* {% include "./text-snippets/authsdkref_url.md" %}

Commit message:

bug fix: plug and play auth JWT token tip added

includes/text-snippets/use-plug-play-auth.md, after:

# Plug-and-Play Auth

In this guide, you will learn how {{page.meta.arcana.app_type}} Web3 apps can integrate with the [{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/authsdk.md) and use the [[concept-plug-and-play-auth|plug-and-play ]] feature to onboard users with the built-in login UI. 

## Prerequisites

* Make sure you can access the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}: {% include "./text-snippets/db_portal_url.md" %}

* Use the [{{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}]({{page.meta.arcana.root_rel_path}}/concepts/dashboard.md) to [[index-configure-auth|register and configure the app]]. The plug-and-play pop-up UI screen will display only those authentication providers that are configured using the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}.  If no authentication providers are configured in the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}, then users can only onboard the app via the passwordless login option. See [[index-configure-auth|how to configure authentication providers]] for details.
  
* Follow the instructions as per the app type and [[index-integrate-app|integrate the app]] with the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} before accessing user onboarding functions of the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}. During integration, you can choose the [[concept-plug-and-play-auth#compact-plug-play-ui|compact mode (optional)]] for the plug-and-play login UI.

## Steps

*Using the plug-and-play authentication feature is simple!*

Just a single line of code!

### Step 1: Call User Onboarding Function: `connect`

After successfully integrating the app with the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}, make sure the `AuthProvider` is successfully initialized. Then simply add a single line of code, call to the `connect` function of the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} and enable the built-in plug-and-play login UI in the app when a user clicks a button to log in:

{% include "./code-snippets/auth_plugnplay.md" %}

The `connect()` function will bring up the plug-and-play pop-up modal in the app context and display the available options for user onboarding. Only those options are displayed that were earlier configured by the developer using the {{config.extra.arcana.dashboard_name}}.

The figure below shows the plug-and-play login UI screen for a test app. All the authentication providers configured by the developer are available as the onboarding options. The passwordless login option is enabled by default.

![Plug-and-Play Login UI](/img/an_plug_n_play_auth.png){.an-screenshots-noeffects width="30%"}

!!! tip "Arcana JWT Token"

     {% include "./text-snippets/jwt_token.md" %}

That is all! :material-party-popper:

The plug-and-play user onboarding feature is successfully enabled in an app integrated with the {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}}.

!!! warning "No plug-and-play support for Firebase authentication."

      {% include "./text-snippets/warn_firebase_no_pnp.md" %}

## What's Next?

After enabling the plug-and-play user onboarding feature in the app, developers can use other {{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} functions and enable Web3 wallet operations for authenticated users. See [[web-auth-usage-guide|{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} Usage Guide]], [[index-arcana-wallet|how to enable the {{config.extra.arcana.wallet_name}}]] for details.

## See also

* [[index-configure-auth|Configure authentication providers]]
* [[index-build-social-providers|Build custom login UI]]
* [[web-auth-error-msg|{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} Errors]]
* [[web-auth-usage-guide|{{config.extra.arcana.sdk_name}} Usage Guide]]
* {% include "./text-snippets/authsdkref_url.md" %}
